README.md, before:

> ⚠️ **This is a [staging repository](https://git.k8s.io/kubernetes/staging#external-repository-staging-area) for Kubernetes**.  
> Contributions, including issues and pull requests, should be made to the main Kubernetes repository: [https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes).  
> This repository is not for direct contributions.

## Purpose

This repository contains functions to be consumed by various Kubernetes and
out-of-tree CSI components like external provisioner to facilitate migration of
code from Kubernetes In-tree plugin code to CSI plugin repositories.

Consumers of this repository can make use of functions like `TranslateToCSI` and
`TranslateToInTree` functions to translate PV sources.

## Community, discussion, contribution, and support

Learn how to engage with the Kubernetes community on the [community
page](http://kubernetes.io/community/).

You can reach the maintainers of this repository at:

- Slack: #sig-storage (on https://kubernetes.slack.com -- get an
  invite at slack.kubernetes.io)
- Mailing List:
  https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-sig-storage

### Code of Conduct

Participation in the Kubernetes community is governed by the [Kubernetes
Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).

### Contibution Guidelines

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

Commit message:

add pointer to CONTRIBUTING.md for more details on contributing, clarify read-only
Kubernetes-commit: ada2ed8487708056ff11bd2413da1073558e6d7c

README.md, after:

> ⚠️ **This is a [staging repository](https://git.k8s.io/kubernetes/staging#external-repository-staging-area) for Kubernetes**.  
> Contributions, including issues and pull requests, should be made to the main Kubernetes repository: [https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes).  
> This repository is read-only for importing, and not used for direct contributions.  
> See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

## Purpose

This repository contains functions to be consumed by various Kubernetes and
out-of-tree CSI components like external provisioner to facilitate migration of
code from Kubernetes In-tree plugin code to CSI plugin repositories.

Consumers of this repository can make use of functions like `TranslateToCSI` and
`TranslateToInTree` functions to translate PV sources.

## Community, discussion, contribution, and support

Learn how to engage with the Kubernetes community on the [community
page](http://kubernetes.io/community/).

You can reach the maintainers of this repository at:

- Slack: #sig-storage (on https://kubernetes.slack.com -- get an
  invite at slack.kubernetes.io)
- Mailing List:
  https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-sig-storage

### Code of Conduct

Participation in the Kubernetes community is governed by the [Kubernetes
Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).

### Contibution Guidelines

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.
